1) What is a socket?
    Socket programming is a way of connecting two nodes on a network to communicate
    with each other. One socket listens on a particular port at an IP, while other 
    socket reaches out to the other to form a connection. Server forms the listener
    socket while client reaches out to the server.

2) What is the difference between the domains AF_INET and AF_UNIX?
    If we want to communicate with a remote host, then need INET socket.
    INET is bound to an IP address-port tuple, while a UNIX socket is "bound" to a 
    special file on my filesystem. Generally, only processes running on the same machine
    can communicate through the latter.


3) What is the difference between SOCK_STREAM and SOCK_DGRAM?
    SOCK_STREAM uses TCP. SOCK_DGRAM use UDP.
    Stream socket doesn't preserve message boundaries.
    Datagram socket preserve boundaries.
    Performance should be the same since both types just go through local in-kernel memory,
    just the buffer management is different.

4) Why is it important to clear all the values the addrinfo struct before using it in getaddrinfo?


5) What are ai_family and ai_socktype?
    Address family
    The socket type

6) What does getaddrinfo do?
    Convert domain names, hostnames, and IP address between human-readable text representations
    and structured binary formats for the operating system's networking API.


7) What does connect do?
    Connects the socket referred to by the file descriptor sockfd to the address specified
    by addr. 


8) What is setsockopt?
    Manipulate options for the socket referred to by the file descriptor sockfd.
    It's optional but it helps in reuse of address and port


9) What does bind do?
    After creation of the socket, bind function binds the socket to the address and port
    number specified in addr(custom data structure).

10) What does listen do?
    It puts the server socket in a passive mode, where it waits for the client to approach
    the server to make a connection. The backlog, defines the maximum length to which the queue
    of pending connections for sockfd may grow. If a connection request arrives when the queue
    is full, the client may receive an error with an indication of ECONNREFUSED.


11) What does accept do?
    It extracts the first connection request on the queue of pending connections for the listening
    socket, sockfd, creates a new connected socket, and returns a new file descriptr referring
    to that socket. At this point, connection is established between client and server, and they are
    ready to transfer data
